Clarify 'free up disk space more quickly' FAQ item (#19087)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/operational-faqs.md

{% include {{page.version.version}}/storage/free-up-disk-space.md %}

## How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?

> If you've noticed that [your disk space is not freeing up quickly enough after deleting data](#why-is-my-disk-usage-not-decreasing-after-deleting-data), you can take the following steps to free up disk space more quickly. This example assumes a table `t`.

Reviewer: Can we also modify this paragraph to mention "dropping a table" instead of "deleting data"?

Reviewer: We also may need to note here that if the customer encounters a problem with disk space not being freed up quickly enough after dropping the table, this method will only work for the _next_ table dropped.  If your issue is with the last table dropped, you'll need some other method to identify the ranges that need to be GCed.

{% include {{page.version.version}}/storage/free-up-disk-space.md %}

> ## How can I free up disk space when dropping a table?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?
```

Author: I don't think i can take this one because as we discussed in [this previous comment by Adam](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/pull/19087#discussion_r1827011703) we're trying to make it super duper clear that the user needs to prepare to free up the disk space _when_ (really, before) dropping the table because they have to check the range IDs before issuing the `DROP TABLE`

 whereas "that was used by a dropped table" could imply that this is how you GC the ranges of something you dropped in the past which this is not that
 
 but which we're gonna have to document separately via https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/browse/DOC-11930 until we get https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/105808
